ref(react-native): Add missing logsOrigin and log list. (#15618)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/react-native/configuration/options.mdx

</SdkOption>

## Logs Options

<SdkOption name="enableLogs">

> Set this option to `true` to enable log capturing in Sentry. Only when this is enabled will the logger APIs actually send logs to Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set this option to `true` to enable log capturing in Sentry. The logger APIs will only send logs to Sentry when this is turned on.
```

</SdkOption>

## Logs Options

<SdkOption name="enableLogs">

Set this option to `true` to enable log capturing in Sentry. Only when this is enabled will the logger APIs actually send logs to Sentry.

</SdkOption>

<SdkOption name="beforeSendLog">

This function is called with a log object, and can return a modified log object, or `null` to skip sending this log to Sentry. This can be used, for instance, for manual PII stripping before sending, or to add custom attributes to all logs.

</SdkOption>

<SdkOption name="logsOrigin"> 

Allows the choice of which logs are captured: `native` for logs from native code only, `js` for logs from the JavaScript layer only, or `all` for both layers.
- It will only Take effect when `enableLogs` is `true`.

(New in version 7.7.0)

</SdkOption>

## Experimental Options

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
